remember the day when we first met
I remember that motorcycle my best dress
he looked at me and I knew
[Music]
how simple life Weston
what's happened to our country we're
killing innocent people raiding other
countries preying on the weak if our
leaders if they're evil what does one do
you have a duty to the fatherland to
cherish tells you sir you cannot say no
to your race and your home you are a
traitor
[Music]
I can to a loyalty to Hitler they can't
do you think your defines that will
change the course of things now if God
gives us free well we're responsible for
what we do what we fail to do
[Music]
I can't do what I believe is wrong
we have to stand up to evil
whatever you do
[Music]
I'm with you always